Add example to Extract fields RegExp option (#96946)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/index.md

- **Format** - Choose one of the following:
  - **JSON** - Parse JSON content from the source.
  - **Key+value pairs** - Parse content in the format 'a=b' or 'c:d' from the source.

>   - **RegExp** - Parse content using a regular expression with [named capturing group(s)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Regular_expressions/Named_capturing_group) like '/(?<New_Field>.\*)/'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **RegExp** - Parse content using a regular expression with [named capturing group(s)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Regular_expressions/Named_capturing_group) like `/(?<NewField>.*)/`.
```
